Quiz-1


5 Core step of Machine learning workflow

1.Exploratory Analysis
2.Data Cleaning
3.Feature Engineering
4.Algorithm Selection
5.Model Training



When the curious child learned that "red and bright means pain" he learned a pattern. This is because the child recognized a recurring association between the color and brightness of an object and the sensation of pain.
So answer is A pattern   


Training Data:
The experiences where the child encountered red and bright objects and felt pain. For example, touching a hot stove or a burning candle. These experiences help the child learn the association between the visual characteristics (red and bright) and the outcome (pain).


Test Data:
New instances where the child encounters red and bright objects and uses the learned pattern to predict pain. For example, seeing a red-hot iron for the first time and deciding not to touch it based on past experiences.



3 Essential Machine Learning Element


Human guidance
Human guidance is very much important element in machine learning we can train our model in right or wrong manner if human guidance is in wrong direction then machine model learn wrong and if human direction is in right direction then machine gives us right . Human choses the right algorithm for model  and also check 


Clean , relevant data

Qulity of data is the most import for model if the data is relevant and accurate then model gives us accurate or right output form model. 
Remove unwanted data :
In a machine learning unwanted data is troubling for model 


Overfitting

When the machine learning model gives accurate prediction for training data but not for new data .solve with chose the right algorith and turning them correctly.
For example :identify the person is male or female
The train data is identify by the person hair only if the person’s hair is short then male otherwise female but when new data that a female has a short hair then model <br>identify that male so in this scenario the model is overfitted. 
